did you ever see the Mr Beast video that
was trending on Tik Tok last year
someone had created a deep fake of him
and was using it to tell viewers that
10,000 of them could get an iPhone 15
Pro for just $2 which is exactly the
kind of crazy thing that he might
actually do but there were no iPhones
this was a scam that many people fell
for so this is what they should have
done they should have added sco this
video sponsor as a contact on their
phone I've added it to Whatsapp but you
can also add it to Facebook or just add
it to your web browser and it's 100%
free and all it does is takes whatever
you send it analyzes it and then
messages you back to say if it's a scam
or not and yeah look at this so it takes
a total of about 10 seconds for scam to
look at that image and tell you that
this Mr Beast giveaway ain't the one and
you know that you can trust this tool
because it is built by Bit Defender
these guys have a huge R&D department
and they're discovering 487 new Cyber
threats every minute and ever since I
set up sco about 2 months ago I've been
using it all the time for any email that
looks a little bit Dodge or just before
I click a link that looks like it might
lead me to a bad place it's an elite
tier tool